[next] docs update GLTF and loading Assets pages (#1038)
threlte/threlte: apps/docs/src/content/reference/extras/gltf.mdx

  }
---

`<GLTF />` loads a single model from a url. The `url` property is reactive and will load new 3D content if changed. The new content will be swapped as soon as loading is finished.

<Tip type="tip">

>   Loading assets can be challenging, from textures to animations and multiple copies. The details on
>   our [loading assets](/docs/learn/basics/loading-assets) page should point you in the right
>   direction if you're stuck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Asset loading can sometimes produce surprising results. We've detailed common issues you may run into on our [loading assets](/docs/learn/basics/loading-assets) page.
```
